<header>

  # Msc Project
_A backup, record and virsion control of my msc project_

  A brief introduction(modification needed):
  	Using video recorded looking down a microscope, it is possible to use blood cells as “tracer particles” to work out what the blood flow is (using particle image velocimetry, or PIV). However, it is known that some analysis methods contain subtle biases caused by out of focus cells, and these biases are hard to quantify - let alone correct for. This project will implement and evaluate one proposed strategy for correcting for bias. The methodology is based on the classic concept of an "inverse problem", as commonly found in physics: it is comparatively easy to predict what measurements will be made if you know the true underlying flow, and this can be leveraged to help solve the inverse problem (what is the true flow, given the measurements). The project will involve scientific image processing, and learning about and applying the mathematics of image formation and deconvolution. The project could potentially have a small experimental component, characterizing experimental images of tracer particles down a microscope, but this is not essential.
</header>

<!--
This is comments block in GitHub markdown

-->

## Secion1. review 
> review on background, methodology, coding tool for realization.
[basic of the piv algorithms](https://openpiv.readthedocs.io/en/latest/src/piv_basics.html)

### PIV: what is it about

From Wikipedia: “Particle image velocimetry (PIV) is an optical method of flow visualization used in education and research. It is used to obtain instantaneous velocity measurements and related properties in fluids. The fluid is seeded with tracer particles which, for **sufficiently small particles, are assumed to faithfully follow the flow dynamics (the degree to which the particles faithfully follow the flow is represented by the *[Stokes number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stokes_number)*).** The fluid with entrained particles is illuminated so that particles are visible. The motion of the seeding particles is used to calculate speed and direction (the velocity field) of the flow being studied.” Read more at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Particle_image_velocimetry.

### What is the problem met when using PIV (Project specification)

When

### SNR (Signal to Noise Ratio): why it is important in PIV

The snr

### code for tutorial in OpenPIV as a tool

1. Keep the plot in notebook <br/>

`%matplotlib inline`is a magic function with % ahead, can used to keep the plot <br/><br/>


2. Read the image in .bmp(bitmap digital images) <br/>

```
frame_a  = tools.imread( path / "exp1_001_a.bmp" ) 
frame_b  = tools.imread( path / "exp1_001_b.bmp" )
``` 

#imread, result in 2Darray and seems dtype is uint8 as default<br/>

```
frame_a = frame_a.astype(np.int32) 
frame_b = frame_b.astype(np.int32) 
```
#frame_a.dtype dtype('int32') .astype to convert datatype<br/><br/>

3. Color map and color bar <br/>
  >color maps are used to visually represent the data<br/>

color maps can be found in some built-in lib such as [matplotlib.colormaps](https://matplotlib.org/stable/tutorials/colors/colormaps.html). Or we can also [create custom color maps](https://matplotlib.org/stable/gallery/color/custom_cmap.html#sphx-glr-gallery-color-custom-cmap-py). <br/>

**The best colormap for any given data set depends on many things including:**

- Whether representing form or metric data ([Ware](http://ccom.unh.edu/sites/default/files/publications/Ware_1988_CGA_Color_sequences_univariate_maps.pdf))

- Your knowledge of the data set (e.g., is there a critical value from which the other values deviate?)

- If there is an intuitive color scheme for the parameter you are plotting

- If there is a standard in the field the audience may be expecting

---
Combined with the colormaps, a color bar is essential to make it nice
```{
from mpl_toolkits.axes_grid1.axes_divider import make_axes_locatable
fig,ax = plt.subplots(1,2,figsize=(12,10))
im1 = ax[0].imshow(frame_a,cmap=plt.cm.gray)
im2 = ax[1].imshow(frame_b,cmap=plt.cm.gray)
divider = make_axes_locatable(ax[1])
#divider1 = make_axes_locatable(ax[0])
cax = divider.append_axes("right", size="5%", pad=0.05)
#cax1 = divider1.append_axes("left", size="5%", pad=0.05)

plt.colorbar(im2, ax=ax, cax =cax)
#plt.colorbar(im1, ax=ax, cax =cax1)
#plt.cm.get_cmap('gray')
#any 'type' of color map can be got

#fig.dtype

```

There are several questions I have met when adding the color bar:
+ fig cannot be the argument of plt.colorbar with subplot, a specific figure(chosen im2 here for position consideration) should be used
+ The result generated by plt.colorbar is large in size, a divider was used to generate a new axis, cax for colorbar
+ Remember a make_axes_locatable lib needed
+ cax = divider.append_axes establish an empty colorbar, while plt.colorbar filling color in colorbar

## Section2. Methodology and improvement

## Section3. Results 

## Section4. Comments
